the male spotted boxfish follows every
move the female makes
he times the release of his sperm to the
moment when she casts her eggs into the
sea
the female boxfish our koi another one
waits to be picked up and escorted to
the surface
by spawning in pairs the mailbox fish
can be sure that the offspring will be
his
but female blue headed wrasse force an
entourage of males to compete for their
eggs
when ready to spawn individual females
race to the surface hotly pursued by
eager males sperm and eggs are
simultaneously released in an explosive
spectacle
in this form of broadcast spawning no
mail can be sure how successful he's
being
you